[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hello, my juicy co-creators!
Lilou, here for Gaiam TV.
Today, I'm in England,
near-- not too
far from the Windsor Castle.
The British-- the
Queen's castle.
The Queen's castle, yeah.
And a beautiful castle it is.
Yeah.
And it's not raining today.
It's not raining in England
and I found an inside spot
this time because I know you
saw me last time in Manchester.
I was literally freezing.
Oh my god.
Yeah, Manchester can be cold.
-Yeah.
So you're a spiritual
life coach and we're
going to speak about
chakras, about energy,
about blockages, about
traumas, about what's
stopping us really.
And I would love to start this
conversation from understanding
from you what you-- why
you think, as human beings,
we're stopped to live
our best potential?
Why aren't we all there already?
Huh.
See-- see, the thing is,
if we were already there,
it would be no fun, right?
So the fun's the journey.
And that's the main thing.
It's the journey.
For people, what they
need to understand
is that you need to
enjoy the journey,
not where you're ending to.
Enjoy the journey to it.
That's-- that's the best bit.
But it's getting people
in that right mindset
because when we're
born, we're told,
you know, you're
going to grow old.
So you're already
thinking, oh my god,
I'm going to be old one day.
So we need to change that.
Think, actually, no.
Actually, the old bit--
don't worry about that.
Let's focus on what we're
doing right now because the way
that our mind works-- our
subconscious mind only
believes in the now,
only knows the now.
So we need to understand
that we live in the now,
that's what we're creating.
But we get too much
caught up in the past
and trying to create the
future when, actually, the now
is the most important part.
-Mm.
And that creates
a lot of stress.
A whole lot of stress
in the physical body.
And you're seeing that
with a lot of people.
We're seeing a lot of
disease because people
are trying to create this stuff
before it's even happened.
That's hard.
And they still haven't
understood why they're
here in the first place.
So once you understand
why you're here,
then you can create
that a lot better.
So a lot of people are kind of
wandering around going, OK, so
what am I doing with my life?
Well, I'm going, what do you
want to do with your life?
Cause the thing is, you can
create whatever you want.
Your mind is your creation.
Your imagination, use it.
We do you want to do?
So, I mean, there's
different systems
that we can use to maybe
help you find that,
but it's about you going, what
do I want to do with my life?
It's important.
But it seems like sometimes
what we want is not really
what's the best for us, too.
Like there's a
lot of projections
of medias, of magazines,
of things like that.
And sometimes it's ego driven.
-Yeah.
I mean, you know, unfortunately,
we live in a society
where media really
does kind of show us
a way of living, which
is fine because people
want to live that life.
But there's also
a lot people who
realize-- who've actually
lived that life and realize,
actually, you know what?
That doesn't suit me anymore.
That doesn't serve
my purpose anymore.
So sometimes you actually have
to experience that side of life
to know what you don't want.
Mm hm.
And once you
experience it, you go,
OK, now I know what I do want.
Nothing-- nothing
wrong with that.
Human beings, it's
almost like we
have to-- I call it--
what we call-- you
have to find your rock bottom.
And that's when people realize,
I need to change my life.
So disease is a big--
it's what I call rock
bottom for a lot of people.
So cancer's been a big one.
So when people hit their
rock bottom, they realize,
you know what?
My life doesn't
serve me any more.
I need to change what I'm doing.
It may have worked and
got me to this point,
but where do I want to go now?
What do I want to do there?
And that's-- that can be a
big issue for a lot of people.
Mm hm.
So do we have to put
ourselves in a position--
I mean, do-- what is your--
how do you accompany all that?
Because I know you work
with a lot of people,
so what is your-- where do we
start, really, in this process?
OK.
So, for me, it's about saying,
OK, rather than think too much
about the physical, what
you want physically, how do
you want to feel, emotionally?
Mm hm.
And this-- this is a key when
I'm working with people now.
It's going, emotionally,
how do you want to feel?
So when-- when you've got
your-- maybe your big house,
and your car, and your holidays,
how are you going to feel?
You're going to feel excited.
Amazing.
Exciting.
You know?
That's what I want
you to tune into.
Don't think about the pictures.
OK, so we use things
like vision boards.
So vision boards are
great because you
put all your pictures on
there, so your subconscious
mind starts to see it.
But then you get in touch with
emotions, which attach to that.
And every day you keep
tuning into those emotions.
And the more you do that--
even as I'm talking now,
I'm getting that buzz and
my-- that kind of energy
running through me
because as soon as you get
in touch with your
emotions, the universe
and your subconscious
mind knows what you want
and it starts creating it.
And here's the thing we have to
focus on the most-- trust it.
Don't try and make it happen.
Allow the process of life
to-- to bring that into us.
And that will come
when it's ready.
We can't make it happen
faster than it needs to be.
There's a process, but we
need to make sure that that's
exactly what we want.
It's about getting in
touch with emotion of it,
so that you understand
exactly what you want from it.
Mm hm.
And-- and regarding
the subconscious mind,
I know you're very interested in
that as some kind of blueprints
or programs that are already
in there from a very early age.
How does that work?
-Yeah.
I mean, I know you've
spoken to Bruce Lipton,
who speaks about this a lot.
As he says, we're
actually-- you know,
we're hypnotized in the
first six years of our life.
So our parents and
people around us
are showing us how to live
our lives through our beliefs,
which is fine.
It give us a starting
point, right?
But the thing is, we then
have to re-recognize that
and go, OK, that
served me for now,
but where do I want to go now?
So this is where we
can then start changing
people's thinking process.
But the problem
is, a lot of people
actually recognize that
they're actually copying
the patterns of their
parents and the people
that they grew up with.
So the first thing is to notice
that, actually, you're copying
those patterns, which is fine.
Then you go, OK, I
accept that, but now,
what do I want it to be next?
How do I want to change my life?
Do I still want to be
like my mom or my dad?
Do I want to copy that?
Which a lot of
people don't want to.
But you know what?
There are some people
who do because, you
know what, their dad or mom
have actually had a great life.
So it's not saying it's bad
or-- it's good or bad here.
What it's saying is, do
I want to copy my parents
or do I want to learn from them?
If you want to learn from
them, recognize the patterns
that they've taught you because
you've come here for a reason
to learn those patterns.
You can either keep learning
the patterns over and over again
or you can say, I've
learned those patterns,
now I want to start
creating new patterns.
That-- that, for
me, is the big key.
It's getting people to
the point where they go,
I'm ready to change.
There's a lot of people who
think they're ready to change,
but, actually, they're not.
And that's why I go
back to the rock bottom
because they haven't hit that
point where they've gone,
now my time is to change.
And it's-- it's allowing
people to going, you know what?
I'm going to wait
until you're ready.
Not to when you
think you're ready,
but actually when you're ready.
Because when you're
really ready,
those emotions will come
rushing through your body
and they'll let you
know that time's ready.
And it's amazing.
I'm sure you've heard stories
over the years of people who
have had these kind
of experiences,
which have just changed their
life in the blink of an eye.
And for some people,
that's what they need.
For other people, they already
know, from an early age,
what they want and where they
want to go with their life.
They're really in
touch with that.
But then the need
to find and follow.
So I use synchronicity a lot.
Synchronicity is
great because as soon
as you start using it
and tuning into it,
it will take you
on your journey.
Are those the signs, you
mean, that we have in our life?
We have to pay
attention to those?
Yeah.
I mean, if you look at the
life-- your world around you,
all it is is what you've
created through your mind.
So basically, it's you being
reflected back on yourself.
So if you look at
the world around you,
it will take you
on your own journey
because you've created
it in the first place.
So you think most things
that we see around us
are made only from
four chemicals.
OK?
So there are four elements which
make up most things in life,
but we've got so many different
varieties of things around us.
So what-- what creates that?
Well, we do.
It's our perception.
What we perceive is what
we create around us.
So when you're looking
to change that,
follow the signs
because you've already
created the vision that
you're seeing in front of you.
So it's also showing
you the next part of it
because it's like a story.
You're following that story, OK?
So this is where I'm
living right now,
but, actually, if
I see these signs,
they're going to take
me to the next level.
So for instance, I had someone
I worked with who was told,
when she was 42, she would be a
psychic, a well known psychic.
At the time, she was working
in the financial district.
So totally two fields apart.
And she goes, OK.
Didn't really kind of
pay much attention to it.
And she was due to go to
Hong Kong for a business trip
and couldn't quite decide.
Do I need to go to Hong Kong?
Do I need to stay in London?
And she went shopping.
Best thing.
Go shopping.
You were going to
say, for a woman.
For a woman.
Yes, that's true.
Actually, no.
Men-- we like to shop as well.
So it's not just about women.
And so she's wandering
down the high street
and this man stops her.
And he goes, you need to go.
She goes, what do you
mean, I need to go?
You need to go.
She goes, I need to go where?
You need to go to Hong Kong.
He goes-- she goes, what do
you mean, I need to go there?
And she's had these kind
of instances happen to her
throughout her life ever since.
Where people will
just come up to her
in the middle of
the street and say,
we used to share
a life together.
So sometimes you
meet people who tell
you these kinds of stories.
You go, my god.
Sometimes the signs
can be that clear.
They can be in your face.
Sometimes they're more subtle.
They give-- for me, spirit-- I
always find that spirit gives
you the signs in a way that
they know that you're going
to understand it,
whether it's verbally,
through smells, through
what you see around you.
For me, personally, I
use the things around me,
but also words.
Words are very-- as a key.
So certain words
will link into things
to take me to certain places.
And that's-- so you've got
to find what works for you.
And once you open up to that,
you start following them,
you'll start seeing more and
more of the synchronicities.
And this is what, you know, the
book, "The Celestine Prophecy,"
is all about.
It's about opening up
to those synchronicity.
And trust me, when you do-- I
mean, from my own experiences,
oh my god, it's amazing
what happens sometimes.
And that's-- that's a big key.
How do you know it's
the synchronicity
versus just a random thing?
Because it comes back to trust.
So last year, I had an
instance where I put
a trust in something happening.
So this was actually
linked to a particular car.
Audi.
I said, OK, fine.
So the morning that I
was heading out to work,
there's a song that
came in my head.
And it's not a song that
I kind of know very well.
But it's a song that was
called, "Back in Black,"
by a group called AC/DC.
So this song kept
playing in mind.
And I go, OK, don't worry.
Now that day, all I saw was
black Audis everywhere I went.
No other color Audi.
Just black Audis
everywhere I went.
And that was my sign to
go keep following that.
And then, when you get the
signs like that, you go,
as crazy is it may be,
it's telling me something.
I can dismiss it and
go, you know what?
I didn't see it.
Or you can go, I saw that.
Show me something else now.
And the more you
open up to that,
the more the signs come up.
And, you know,
I've heard stories
over the years of
different people
whose signs-- like
the lady I was just
saying-- just blow me away.
And you go, OK, that's why
I believe in synchronicity
because the universe
will give you
back what you're asking for.
But the key is get in
touch with the emotion.
How does it feel to you?
Once you get in touch
with the emotion,
allow the physical
to create itself.
So it was telling
you to buy the Audi?
Or--
-No, no.
It actually wasn't to
do anything with Audi.
It was to do with--
actually, saying
that, there is--
one of my dreams
is actually to drive
a particular Audi.
It's called the Audi--
-The A8-- AR.
-All right.
Yeah.
There you go!
It's beautiful!
Beautiful car, exactly.
So you know exactly.
So it wasn't actually
particularly for that,
but, actually, it
was also linking it
because the Audi was also a big
thing in my dreams at the time.
So it was just
saying, if you keep
following this, this will
take you in the direction
of your dreams.
So yeah.
No, it wasn't--
So it was reinforcing--
it was giving
you also encourage, I guess?
-Yeah.
And-- yeah.
And that's-- and that's a
big thing that I see a lot.
And I've been through
it a lot myself.
It's actually trusting that.
Trust is a big issue
for a lot of people.
So it's going,
actually, you know what?
Let go.
Let go and just trust in it.
Which, trust me,
is not easy to do.
I'm saying it already.
So, you know-- and if
you keep saying it,
you're creating it again.
So you go, OK.
So, you know, for
instance, you know,
someone has a car accident.
They go, well, I didn't
ask for a car accident.
I go, I know you didn't
ask for a car accident,
but how did that car
accident make you feel?
Oh, damn.
It was frustrating.
I was angry with it.
I go, so how have you
been feeling recently?
Well, you know, things
are not going well.
I've been frustrated and angry.
I'm going, ah, that's
why you got it.
Not because you asked
for the car accident,
but you actually had the
emotion, which was driving it,
so the universe goes, well, if
you want frustration and anger,
there we are.
-Mm hm.
That's what you want.
So this-- so 90% of what
you think about today,
you'll think about tomorrow.
So we need to change--
-Break that pattern.
Yeah.
This is about
breaking the pattern.
So, for me, what you
do is, when you find
that your mind is wandering into
a certain direction, change it.
Come back with a word.
Love, for instance.
Amazing.
Awesome.
Whatever word you want to
use, which then replaces that.
And you keep saying it over
and over again in your head.
And the more you
say it, you start
feeling that in your body.
If you're in tune
with your body,
you'll start feeling the
energy coming up in it.
You can feel almost--
you can almost
feel like the chemicals and the
molecules changing in your body
as you're doing it.
Because, at least for
me, when I'm doing it,
I can feel it my head.
I can feel like
all the brain just
kind of moving around,
going, oh, I'm liking this.
This feels great.
So it's-- it's--
for me, the most
powerful bit is about getting in
touch with the emotions of it.
And you've just got to--
it's-- it's a process.
We have to keep going over-- you
don't just do it for one day,
you do it everyday.
Whenever it comes to
your head, follow it.
Mm hm.
And just keep coming
up with the emotions.
And different days, I have
different emotions I use.
Any type of emotion?
Like in relationship
jealousy, for example.
You can work on that?
You think it's possible
to rewire and permanently
not feel this anymore?
Yeah.
I mean, I've got techniques,
which I use to actually change
people's belief patterns.
So a particular technique
called, PSYCH-K.
So I use PSYCH-K,
which is basically
about tuning into your
subconscious mind,
using muscle
testing, kinesiology.
And we ask the subconscious
mind, what do you believe?
So for instance,
a big one, which
I get with a lot
of clients, is I
love myself and I hate myself.
So most people would test
weak for I love myself
and test strong
for I hate myself.
So you go, no,
but I love myself.
I know you're saying it, but
you don't actually believe it.
Mm.
So your subconscious
mind, which
is where 95% of your
thoughts come from,
is actually telling
you-- you're saying it
in your conscious mind, but
your subconscious mind is going,
ha, you don't believe this.
-Mm.
It's years, and years, and
years of working on that.
Yeah.
-Yeah, but here's the thing.
Because--
-Of believing it.
Yeah.
In believing-- yeah.
But here's the thing,
most people don't actually
realize they've been believing
the opposite of what they
think they've been believing.
-Mm hm.
So when you actually show
that to them, they go,
oh my god, that may explain
why my life hasn't probably
gone as well as I want
it to because actually, I
don't love myself.
If you don't love yourself,
how can you love your pattern,
your children, your family?
Mm mm.
So that what you
have for yourself
is what you give
to other people.
And, for me, that's
a big link, when
you we go back to the physical,
to like breast cancer.
Self love comes from spending
time and giving love to self.
A lot of women are giving
their time to their husbands,
to their children, to
their jobs, which is fine,
but it's all about balance.
Mm hm.
So it's about self
love, first of all.
We've always got to start with--
number one in our priorities
in our life is our self.
Then our partners, our children.
Everybody else comes
underneath that.
But we've always
got to put ourselves
at the top of that totem
pole because people want
to understand that
if I give myself
a lot of love, a lot of
energy, I've got a lot
more to give to other people.
And that's-- that's-- for
some people, changing that--
they might say-- well, they'll
think, you know, my children
are so important to me.
Absolutely.
There's nothing wrong with that,
but you can't put someone else
before yourself
because if you're
doing that with your family,
where else are you doing that?
Mm hm.
Your own needs are never being
met because you're putting
everything-- something
else in front of it,
thinking that's more important.
Now it comes back to the self
belief and your statement.
Going, I love myself.
Actually, no.
I hate myself.
That's why you can't give
love to other people.
So you actually find you're
actually working harder
trying to love other
people because you
still haven't loved yourself.
This is a key.
Yeah.
Embracing, even with-- when
things don't go the way
we want it to.
Because there is this
thing about not-- I guess,
a lot-- most of us don't see the
universe as a friendly thing.
So it comes to get us, or
something is going to come,
or it's too good to be true.
And all of these things, huh?
-Yeah.
No, it's true.
But here's the thing, you know,
life isn't a straight line.
Life is in waves.
It goes up and down.
So life is not always
going to be amazing.
You're going to have
low points in life.
That's life.
You know, the funny thing
is, we live in time,
but time is linear.
But it's the only thing
in the universe that is,
but that's how we're
living our life.
So if we understand that the--
the universe works in waves,
then that's how life flows.
It goes in those waves.
So when you hit those-- what we
call low points in your life,
embrace them.
So you know what I do?
I go to people-- I go-- when
I hit a low point in my life,
I go, come on, is that the
worst you've got for me?
Come on, you can give
me better than that!
Because you know what?
That low-- there's going
to be another high that's
at the other end of that.
-Mm hm.
So I'm going to go, if this
is the worst low I've got,
I know that my high is
going to be even better.
Mm hm.
So it's about embracing it.
You know, life's never going to
be smooth all the way through.
And that's a big thing for
people, going, you know what?
Don't worry about
when things are
not going bad
because that's also
a time to just take a break.
And going, you know what?
Put some more time into me.
Because, for me, when people
are not putting enough time
into themselves, that's when
they start hitting those kind
of low points more often.
Because it's almost like
their highest self spirit
going to them, you know what?
You got you.
Forget about you.
Self love.
-Mm hm.
-It's more time for yourself.
That's-- that's-- self-- for
me, self love is a big thing.
And that's why we have
an issue with trust.
Because if we don't
love ourselves,
then we're not going
to love someone else.
So we don't trust them.
So once you give
that love back, then
they go, OK, now
I know my partner,
my children are
here for a reason.
I don't have to work so hard to
make them happy, to serve them.
And that's-- evolutionary
wise, we've changed.
Our roles have changed.
You know, it used to be the man
would go out to be the hunter
and the wife would stay
at home, which is fine.
But we've evolved from that.
You know, women are now
wanting to embrace that.
They want to go out and work.
But it's also about finding
a balance within that.
So you can have your work, your
home life, your social life,
but remember, there's you at
the center of all of this.
Because that can't happen
unless you're balanced.
Mm hm.
You read chakras,
you can see chakras.
Yeah.
Can you explain what
those are and if we all
have this ability?
We all have the ability.
So it's intuition.
So I'm intuitive.
So in my mind's eye, I can
tune into particular chakras.
So our seven chakras, which
each one leading to different
areas of our life,
different parts of the body,
I can tune into it.
I'm also a medical intuitive.
So I can scan your body
and it will tell me
which areas-- because my
background is sports rehab,
I can look at someone and say,
OK, so it's your right hip.
And then we can follow that
pattern and see where it goes.
So the chakras are my
way of accessing people.
And saying, OK--
so what will happen
is one chakra will
come into my mind.
So that's the one
we're seeing right now.
This is one that needs
to be served right now.
So whatever.
Say, for instance,
the heart chakra.
It's about giving love.
Giving and receiving love.
So what I do is
I'll get an image
in my mind, which will go,
is love flowing out properly?
Or is love coming in probably?
So from the back of the body,
am I seeing love coming in?
Are they receiving love?
-Mm hm.
-So often, you--
Cause it's coming
in from the back.
Yeah.
So if we look at-- if
we look at the chakras--
because they come
either side of the body.
So it's about giving
out to the world
and it's also about
receiving from the world
at the back of the body.
So we do, are you
receiving enough love?
So often, I see people who
are receiving a lot of love
and they're not giving enough
because they've, you know,
been in relationship which
has kind of gone-- oh.
You know, that's-- that's
a big issue for me.
I can't give love anymore.
-Uh huh.
Or they can be the opposite.
They're giving out so much,
but they're not getting back.
So they go, you know, I'm
doing everything for everybody,
but I don't feel like I'm
getting anything back in life.
So it's going to people,
it's about finding a balance.
So one chakra, for
me, will stand out.
And we work with energy
of that because that's
what your higher self is telling
me is your priority right now.
So you may come to me
and go, you know what?
Relationships are a big
problem for me right now.
I'm going, that's fine,
but you know what?
Your throat chakra,
communication and creativity,
are not being addressed here.
That's why your relationships
are not working.
So you may not be communicating
what you're trying to achieve
in your life with your partner.
That's-- it can
be that sometimes.
That simple.
But once you go through that
process, then all of a sudden,
the relationship changes.
So what we sometimes think
is our priorities in life
are not always the case.
It can be actually
something else
is driving that, which is why
you're finding that problem.
With the chakras, we've
got the seven chakras.
But your base chakra,
which is your lowest one,
links in with your crown
chakra, so the top one.
So they work in pairs.
-Mm hm.
So often, you'll see a
pattern happen between the two.
So the way work is I'll actually
score each chakra between zero
to three.
Zero means the chakra's
fully closed down,
three means it's
fully opened up.
So often, we score
somewhere in between that.
And normally, I'll see a
pattern between the high and low
chakras.
And then the bottom
three, I look
at as your materialistic world.
This--
-The- the red, orange, yellow.
-Yeah.
So you got your base chakra,
sacral, and then solar plexus.
So yellow, orange, red.
And what we do is, we go,
this is your foundations
of your building.
This is your physical life.
Now-- so if I'm scorind--
say, for instance, I've got
a one, one and half, and a one.
I'm going, OK,
imagine if you try
to build a building on that.
That's not very strong.
-Mm hm.
Because if you put those
numbers into a kind of context,
they're quite short.
I'm going, we can't build
much on top of that.
So sometimes we've got to
focus on building stronger
foundations first,
before we try,
and go, and follow all the
higher stuff-- the spiritual
and our life purpose.
Because sometimes what
we need, first of all,
is security in life.
So we're trying to go and
do these magical things
with our life, but
you're going, well,
how are you supporting that?
Well, the universe
will support me--
which it will, to
a certain extent,
but you've still
got to do the work.
You've still got to
support yourself.
So, you know, when you're
working in a spiritual kind
of business, you
meet a lot people
whose intentions are
to change the world
and help the world,
which is great.
But I'm going, imagine how
much more you can help them,
if your foundations are
strong and you actually
have that security yourself?
-Mm hm.
Because that's where
you're building.
It's the people,
unfortunately, who've actually
got the money who are
the ones who are helping
people on a larger scale.
So if you really
want to help people,
make sure you get your--
your foundations strong.
Build your own
security, first of all,
whether that's
financial-- you know,
whatever materialistic
means to you.
You build that strong for
yourself, first of all.
And then you start moving
onto the next layer,
then you can start
helping people a lot more.
But life is not linear.
Life is not linear, no.
But we have to have a
starting point, right?
Yeah.
So the starting point
is you need foundations.
You need to build--
something to build on top of.
So that is your foundation.
So, for me, that's
where the bottom three
chakras-- and most issues--
because this is our survival.
So if you go back to
animals, the first thing
they do when they kind
of wake up in the morning
is they check to make sure
that things are secure.
That their environment is safe.
The second thing
they do is they have
to then nourish themselves.
Third thing-- it's about sex.
What do we do-- humans do?
We wake up, we want to have sex.
We're then going to have
breakfast and then we go,
oh my god.
I've go to go to work,
I've got to pay the bills.
We do it all the
wrong way around.
So, for me, it's getting
people in the mind set, going,
think about your safety
and security, first of all.
Before everything else.
And that's what you
build on top of.
Though the heart chakra
seems to be a big one that
is also related to the money
and to the abundance somehow,
isn't it?
Yeah.
I mean, the heart chakra--
because it's about love.
So love covers
all areas of life.
So when we're open
to receiving--
because a lot of people have
issues in receiving money.
Mm hm.
And actually saying,
I'm not worthy enough
to receive that money.
You're going, don't
see money as money.
See money as energy.
You're getting energy back
for what you're giving out.
So if you're giving out, the
universe will give you it back.
So that can come
in the form money.
But in the spiritual
world, a lot of people
have issue with
that, thinking money
is-- oh, it's a dirty thing.
We can't have that, you know,
because it's linked to crime,
and to a lot of problems,
and people with money
are never happy.
But actually, not really.
It's our form of energy
that we have actually
created for an exchange.
So when I work with a client,
there's got to be an exchange.
I'm giving them a service
and in return, the energy
that I get back is in money.
And that's how it works.
Once you accept that,
then you'll find
that flow works a lot easier.
A lot people are struggling
to take that on board
and they'll always find
that they've never got money
coming in on a regular basis.
They'll find they
have money for awhile
and then they have
no money coming in.
Or they'll find they're always
struggling to pay the bills.
I'm going, because you need to
have a relationship with money.
Because don't see it as
money, see it as energy.
And that energy is your energy.
And the people that you're
surrounding yourself with,
whether it's your
boss that you work for
or your clients that
you work with-- this
is a mutual exchange.
This is about giving
and receiving love.
So forget about the money,
see it as about energy
and about sharing love.
Hm.
Nice.
And numerology and all that.
How does that play in
this whole big picture
that we just painted?
-OK.
So numerology.
We go back and we look at--
because everything is symbolic.
So numbers, colors.
In sacred geometry,
different shapes.
They're all symbolic
in some way.
So with numerology,
we look at the numbers
because each number relates
to-- has a different energy.
So if we take your
birthday and we break it
down to a single digit
or sometimes two digits--
we have what we call power
numbers-- 11, 12-- sorry.
11, 22, and sometimes
33, depending on which
form of numerology you use.
But each number has a meaning.
So if we were to break
your birthday down
into a single digit--
-Let's take seven.
-Take seven.
OK.
So seven is-- I'm
a seven, luckily.
So seven is about
analytical mind.
It's about creating
a spiritual world.
So I'm living my life purpose.
So your birthday is all
about your life purpose.
So if you're living
to your life purposes,
you'll find that your life will
have a lot more meaning to you.
So for what I do, I'm actually
living my life purpose.
You know, I-- I
analyze everything.
It's all about knowledge, it's
all about understanding things.
It's all about then
connecting with people
and helping them on their path.
That's what seven's all about.
If you then take an
eight, it's all about
the materialistic satisfaction.
So the eights, they want
to be satisfied and secure.
So they're the ones you look
at-- when we look at-- we go
back to the chakras, if
I've got someone who's
an eight in numerology
and there bottom three
chapters are out of
balance, I'm going,
this can be a big issue for you.
And often, you'll see
that they'll have problems
in their work,
their relationships,
in their home life
because being eight
means your life purpose is
about being materialistically
satisfied and secure.
And is that
something to overcome?
I guess the biggest challenges
also come from there?
Yeah.
I mean, if you go
fully-- forever
into numerology
reading, what you can
often is if that number
comes up a few times,
it's also a lesson for you.
So often, what you find
is your life purpose
can also be your
life lesson as well.
So your lesson could
be about being secure.
So often, you'll find that
people who are an eight-- they
go-- you've got
some people who are
an eight who are
actually-- their home life,
everything, is perfect.
They've made sure
that that's secure.
Then you've got
other people going,
yeah, that's my life purpose,
but I can't get the balance.
And then you go through
the reading and go,
well, actually, you've got
quite a few eights here
because it's also
a lesson for you,
which means you need to learn
how to get that security.
So it's knowing whether that
eight is there-- you've learnt
it and you get it quite easy.
Or it's a lesson
for you as well,
which means it's going to be
more of a challenge for you.
Mm hm.
And that's where you going to
go back to the chakras and go,
which chakra is
driving this one?
Is it the base chakra?
Is it the sacral?
Or is it solar plexus?
Is it me who is stopping it?
Mm hm.
And then we go
back to the beliefs.
Which belief-- what
belief patterns
are you running from your
parents which are driving
this, that you're copying?
Because you'll see that pattern
go back through you're family.
You'll see--
-Generations after generations.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
So it's-- it's patterns.
So it's, again, am I-- do I
want to learn from my parents?
Or do I just want to copy them?
I'm seeing a lot
of people who would
like to copy their parents.
Mm hm.
Yeah.
They're somewhat the kind
of-- not the role model,
but a certain
something that is-- I
don't know how to say it.
But yeah.
A point out in the horizon.
A reference.
That's what I was
looking for, a reference.
I guess.
Without copying,
but it's something
that you've seen
from close, so you
can identify with
it or not really
want it at all, in any way.
-Yeah.
You know, actually, I'm working
with someone right whose
parents-- actually, he's
actually innate in numerology,
funnily enough.
And his parents have actually
taught him all about security.
You know what?
He's got his home,
his work life.
It's all perfect.
He's got security.
Money's not a problem for him.
But the problem is now, he's now
going to next level and going,
I'm not happy.
So we get him to
the solar plexus.
He goes, I'm not satisfied.
I'm not happy with
the way I look.
When I look at
myself in the mirror,
I'm not happy with who I see.
So what I then-- the problem is,
he's now trying to sabotage it
in different ways.
So that can be done
through drink, drugs--
whichever way you want
to sabotage yourself
to try and satisfy that need.
Because if you can't
find that need within,
you'll look externally
to find that.
And often, people will
use drink, drugs to find
that and satisfy that need.
Mm hm.
But you're-- you're
going to hit a certain
point where you're--
you're going to go,
this is not serving me.
Because you'll
either find that you
have to do more and
more of it to-- to make
yourself feel better.
Or you'll get to the
point where you go,
I can't do this anymore.
I need to find a new answer.
And this is what this
particular client did.
He goes, I've got to
find a new answer.
So he realized, actually,
he's not happy with himself.
So, for me, I say
to people, if you
can stand in front of the
mirror in the morning, naked,
and look at yourself, and
go, I love what I see,
then you know you're
doing all right.
A lot of people look at
themselves naked in the mirror
and go, I don't like
what I see in front me.
OK.
We-- we may not be perfect,
but you go, you know what?
I'm happy with the person
that I see in front of me.
Mm hm.
That's-- that's the first
thing I get people to do.
I want you-- not when I'm there.
But I want them to go, and stand
in front of the mirror, naked,
look themselves-- really
look at themselves and say,
do you actually like the
person you see in front of you?
You'd be surprised, a
lot of people don't.
-Especially as we get older.
-As we-- yeah.
You know, as we get older, our
body's changing, which is fine.
But, I think, also-- we
also grow into our bodies.
We kind of grow and go,
actually, you know what?
I like the little things.
This doesn't quite fit, but,
you know, I quite like that.
As you get older, you
get-- you kind of start
to appreciate your body more.
But this-- I've still got
clients in their 40s and 50s,
who are-- they can't look
in the mirror at themselves
because they don't themselves.
Mm.
But as soon as you give that--
you change that belief pattern
back and give them
love back, it's
amazing how quickly they can
go, I just run around the house
naked now.
I just love it.
No, but it's lovely what
it-- the impact that it has
because Louisa Hay, for
example, that is 85 years old,
that started the Hay
House publishing.
She was there in
Glasgow last weekend.
And she has mirrors, apparently,
everywhere around her house.
And saying just,
I love you, kid!
And how are you doing?
You're so beautiful today.
And she has even a
mirror in her bra.
Oh my god.
So--
She really plays with it.
And-- and she--
because, for her, it's
all about affirmation,
and really
feeling it, and bringing
in the vibe even higher,
and enjoying life.
-Yeah.
And she's saying about
the affirmations.
And that's going back.
It's actually reaffirming,
over and over again,
to your subconscious mind.
-Over--
Going, I love you.
I love this person
I see in the mirror.
This the person I
want to be with.
Because once you can
be with this person,
then you can find your
partner a lot easier.
So for instance,
if you're single,
make sure you love
yourself first.
Make sure you look in the
mirror and go, you know what?
If I can't look at myself naked,
how am I expecting someone else
to look at me naked?
So you've got to look--
make you look at yourself
and go, you know what?
I love who I see in the mirror.
Once I love who's there, then
I can go and find someone
because when I'm naked, I don't
care how I look because I'm
comfortable with that.
Even if-- even if you're
overweight or whatever, as long
as you're comfortable
with who you are,
that's a good starting point.
For me, it's how you
think is the biggest
strength that can have.
If you have the right
thoughts-- sometimes
it doesn't matter what
kind of life you have.
You know, you meet people
who've smoked all their life
and always eaten
the fatty foods,
but they have such a positive
mind that they never got ill.
Mm.
You expect them to
have cancer, to have
all these different diseases.
But the thing is, because
they're so strong in the mind,
it doesn't affect them.
They love the person
for who they are.
They're not trying to change
and be someone that they're not.
They're going, no,
this is who I am.
I'm not going to change
who I am because I love who
I see in front of that mirror.
Mm hm.
And that's when you
go, you know what?
That's great.
Yes, we'd like to change
the rest of your lifestyle,
but you know what?
-Mm hm.
If you're happy, that's great.
Do you really feel that EFT,
too, is also a great-- the
tapping methods are good?
Yeah.
I mean, EFT-- well, often, what
I do is now because-- actually,
now with YouTube,
you can actually
send people to-- to
YouTube and say, look,
go and type in the
belief patterns
that you have a problem with.
So with the
[INAUDIBLE], we address
things at the core belief.
We get down to the nitty-gritty.
But when you've got
small, little things going
on, I say to people,
look, you can
go ahead and do the tapping.
The tapping is easy and you
can use it on a daily basis.
You know, you can even
go into the bathroom.
If you're at work, go into the
bathroom, go and do some taps.
If something comes up for
you, go and tap it out.
And it's amazing how people
have learnt this technique.
It used to be a
case where you would
have to go and see someone to
kind of go through the process.
But now people are going, I can
now learn how to tap myself.
And that's why I said it.
So I don't actually do
much EFT with my clients
anymore because I tell them, you
go and do the EFT on your own.
I do this stuff
which is a bit deeper
and which we can't
do without me.
And then you go, and do the EFT,
and change the emotions that
may be coming up at the job.
Because everything's like this--
I use the onion as the analogy.
We take one layer away,
then something else
is going to come up.
-Mm hm.
So sometimes we need
to get deeper into that
and we need to do
more work on it.
Sometimes it's
something very simple.
There's an emotion,
which has been
attached to it, which,
actually, sometimes
you can break yourself.
And that's where EFT
is brilliant for that.
Because it will
break those patterns.
I'm not saying EFT can't
be used for deeper stuff.
But when I'm doing
deep stuff with people,
I then get them to work
on the little things that
come up in between sessions.
-Right.
And that's where EFT
is brilliant for that.
Mm.
OK, great.
Well, this was really,
really interesting.
Is there something else
that you would like
to add to this conversation?
Or to summarize something
that we said that you think
is particularly important?
-OK.
For me, change your thinking.
Get your thoughts in line with
how you want to feel when you
have the perfect life,
whether your perfect life is
a big house, car,
lots of holidays,
or whether it's just actually
living in-- in the forest.
Whichever-- whatever
your life wants to be,
I want people to get in
touch with the emotions
of how they're going to
feel when I they have that.
And then when you get
in touch with that,
I want you to really feel it.
I mean, not just like,
yeah, I feel it, it's nice.
No.
I want you to really feel it.
But not just today, tomorrow.
Every day.
Every day until all of a sudden,
you look and you go, oh my god.
I'm now living that life.
A lot of people think, if I do
it for a week, it'll be fine?
I say, you keep doing this.
And what you'll find
is, after awhile,
you just get into habit.
And you're actually doing it
without even thinking about it.
But for me, you're
thinking, your emotions,
is what's driving
the rest your life.
The physical body
is just a vehicle.
What drives that is how
we think and how we feel.
When we can change that and
we can really get in touch
with that-- and I mean deep.
Down to the core.
Where you literally-- for
me, when I'm doing it,
I literally get
tingling over my body
that tells me that I've gone
in touch with that emotion.
Mm hm.
And then the last bit, trust
that that's going to happen.
Actually feel it as if
it's already happened.
That you've already got it.
And then trust that
the universal will give
it to you when you need it.
At the right time.
Mm hm.
So you-- so you really
live it every day
like if it was already there
and it had already manifested.
Exactly.
Because remember,
the subconscious mind
only knows the now.
Yeah.
So every day, it's
back in the now moment.
So if you keep
telling it, now, now.
After a while,
it's going, well, I
didn't know what you were
thinking for last two weeks,
last two years, but right now,
you have this same emotion.
This seems to be like
a common pattern.
And all of a sudden,
it's-- that's what
your life's all about.
It's about being happy.
It's about love.
And all of a sudden, you're
seeing that all around you.
Sometimes it may
not be in the form
that you think
you want it to be,
but it will be in the form
that's the best served for you.
Mm hm.
And that's-- it's a
continuous process.
It's not-- I don't
say to people,
look, do this for a week
and all of a sudden,
things will change.
-Yeah.
You know, sometimes
you're going to have to do
this for a year, for two years.
-But it can be really fast, too.
-Yeah.
Absolutely.
You can get both.
Don't-- don't think, OK, I've
got to do two years of this?
I'm not going to do two years!
OK, no.
Keep doing it.
And then just watch
things change.
Sometimes you get small
changes, but sometimes you
get big changes.
Sometimes people-- I've seen
things happen in people's lives
in the click of a finger.
You're going, wow, how
the hell do you do that?
Because it was-- an analogy,
which I saw-- hear about
was that everything we seen
in our life at the moment
is on the radar screen,
but most of things that
are going to happen
in your life are
outside of that radar screen.
Will you trust that they're
actually going to come
in when the time is right?
Then it will happen.
-Mm hm.
And that's when you just
let go and go, you know what?
I know it's going to happen.
I can feel it.
I mean, it's every part of--
every cell in my body's going,
I can feel this.
And you go, fine.
And all of a sudden,
boom, you've got it.
It's easy.
Thank you very much, Dean.
Thank you for this
delicious moment
here in Windsor, in the UK.
-Pleasure.
No, thank you.
Thank you, my
beautiful co-creators.
Much, much love from
Windsor from England.
And I'll see you very soon.
Actually, we're doing a
whole series from here.
So much, much love.
Bye!
Bye.